look how beautiful that is summarize is
my favorite time of day it's just so
beautiful and you know you've got the
whole day ahead of you I am just
currently reading through we have some
cool tax to read for our theology exam
so this one's just on Augustine's
conversion it's only about 26 pages
because he's a double so not too long
home on page two so we need to started
[Music]
look at that gorgeous sunrise
[Applause]
[Music]
okay so I'm now going to wrap up my
friend Ruby's Christmas present
[Music]
[Applause]
I didn't usually like corn but I really
like fish substitutes now they've got
lots of greens I've got some peas and
some green beans and then I've also got
some Petri wedges
[Music]
wait i recording is it Larry or is it
make it snow oh my god hi guys what
17:17 some random man who's stolen her
camera don't worry I talked to here I
followed her in her car I know where she
lives
[Laughter]
I had resolved
two three boom Emil's be strong be bold
be strong for the Lord your God is with
you people
I mean strong with you I am Not Afraid
no no no I am NOT to say not me for
walking in faith and victory don't walk
in faith and victory for the Lord your
God is with you
to praise the wonders of your mighty
love plus a free breath little bit I am
never cease to watch is a kid while you
learn and the Creed of the color of the
day won't pass away you guys father's
glory blaze spirit blaze blow
oh thank you so much for watching this
video I hope that you enjoyed it and I
also think you really enjoyed listening
to our hymns so as we were in the car we
were singing our nostalgic hymns that we
used to sing at school have a productive
week